msredird 0.2 - Multi-modem serial port redirector

 Msredird is an implementation of the "Telnet Com Port Control Option" RFC 2217
 running in server mode.
 
 Msredird is derived from 'sredird' (sbragion@email.com Denis Sbragion), 
 but archeticturally fundamentally
 different. Also, 'sredird' can only handle one modem, whereas, msredird
 can handle as many as you have installed in a multi-threaded fashion.

 The package is incomplete and the code is not very tested, the reason i'm 
 releasing it is because my employers changed their mind etc...
 I no longer have access to the necessary hardware, therefore the scope
 of my support is probably very limited. 

 If you are interested and like the concept, and after a mild, mind-teasing
 exercise, why not roll up your sleeve and dirty your hand in it? 

 I've created a mailing list for msredird. Thats where you should direct
 your queries. I answer emails directly addressed to me regarding this software  at my discretion--use the list.

 Enclosed between the <QUOTE> tags are instructions on joining the list.

 <QUOTE>
JOINING YOUR GROUP

There are three ways for people to join your group:

1. You manually add members using the group manager Web interface.

2. Users add themselves by entering their e-mail addresses into
   the membership form found with the group's messages on the
   eGroups.com site. (You also can add such a Web-based
   membership form on your own Web site.  Click on "my space",
   then on the name of your group.  Then click on "Get a sign-up box
   for this group" to obtain the HTML code you need.)

3. Users send an e-mail to msredird-subscribe@egroups.com


YOUR GROUP ON THE WEB

The messages of your group and other group information is found at

    http://www.egroups.com/list/msredird/

</QUOTE>

 Please accept my apologies for the poor quality of this package--it was hastily
 put together.

 A credit goes to my employers (Webward Australia) for allowing me to 
 release this package under GPL.
 See the file 'COPYING' for the exact terms and conditions.

 Ayman Akt
 ayman@pobox.com

